Support for edits (#591)
Deep-MI/FastSurfer: doc/overview/EDITING.md

Then, the case is re-processed using the `--edits` flag, i.e. `run_fastsurfer.sh` is re-run (same FastSurfer command and FastSurfer version as before, but add `--edits`).
Finally, you would check in another quality inspection, if the quality issues are resolved.

For example (including the setup for native processing, see [Examples](EXAMPLES.md) for other processing options):

```bash
# Setup FASTSURFER and FREESURFER
export FASTSURFER_HOME=/path/to/fastsurfer
export FREESURFER_HOME=/path/to/freesurfer
source $FREESURFER_HOME/SetUpFreeSurfer.sh

# Define data directory
export SUBJECTS_DIR=/home/user/my_fastsurfer_analysis

# Run FastSurfer
$FASTSURFER_HOME/run_fastsurfer.sh \
    --sd $SUBJECTS_DIR --sid case_with_edits \
    --t1 $SUBJECTS_DIR/case_with_edits/mri/orig/001.mgz \
    --fs_license $FREESURFER_HOME/.license \
    --edits # more flags as needed, e.g. --parallel --3T --threads 4
```

Note, a re-run of the segmentation pipeline, as in the command above, should not be harmful, but is only required if the [asegdkt_segfile](#asegdkt_segfile) was edited.

> There, we can usually skip the segmentation step with

Reviewer: Maybe you mean: "Therefore, in most cases, we can skip ..."

Author: I think you actually wrote this sentence :).

```suggestion
Therefore, in most cases, we can skip the segmentation step with
```

3. [Re-run FastSurfer](#general-process) to update the eTIV value in all stats files.

See also: <https://surfer.nmr.mgh.harvard.edu/fswiki/FsTutorial/Talairach>

## White matter segmentation

### When to use
Over- and/or under-segmentation of the white matter: voxels that should be white matter are excluded, or those that should not are included.

### What to do
Often, these errors should be fixed by [asegdkt_segfile](#asegdkt_segfile) `<subject_dir>/mri/aparc.DKTatlas+aseg.deep.manedit.mgz`, but if that is not successful: 
1. Open and edit  `<subject_dir>/mri/wm.mgz` and/or `<subject_dir>/mri/filled.mgz`.
2. [Re-run FastSurfer](#general-process) to propagate the edits.

The manual label 255 indicates a voxel should be included in the white matter and a voxel labeled 1 should not.

See also: <https://surfer.nmr.mgh.harvard.edu/fswiki/FsTutorial/WhiteMatterEdits_freeview>

## Pial surface placement

### When to use
Over- and/or under-segmentation of the cortical gray matter: voxels that should be gray matter are excluded, or those that should not are included.

> This explicitly 

Reviewer: Sentence is missing.

Author: Also just remove, I think the decision was to keep the docs of these "special edits" a bit shorter.
```suggestion
```

### What to do
Often, these errors should be fixed in [asegdkt_segfile](#asegdkt_segfile) `<subject_dir>/mri/aparc.DKTatlas+aseg.deep.manedit.mgz`, but if that is not successful:
1. Open end edit `<subject_dir>/mri/brain.finalsurfs.manedit.mgz` (overwriting values in `<subject_dir>/mri/brain.finalsurfs.mgz`).
2. [Re-run FastSurfer](#general-process) to fix the pial surface. 

> 3. 

Reviewer: item 3. is missing

Author: I think this should just be removed... The docs here does not really have a step, it would just be to check if the results are now better :)
```suggestion
```

Other effects are impossible to avoid (edit carefully), often very small and hard to account for. 
It is recommended to analyze whether files with edits distort results in a specific direction, i.e. how do effect sizes change if manually edited cases are excluded?

## Guide for experienced FreeSurfer users

The following list enumerates editing options available in FreeSurfer and how to achieve similar edits in FastSurfer. 

1. Skull stripping by editing `<subject_dir>/mri/brainmask.mgz` (delta to `brainmask.auto.mgz`) -> [asegdkt_segfile](#asegdkt_segfile)
2. Talairach registration by editing `<subject_dir>/mri/transforms/talairach.xfm` (delta to `transforms/talairach.xfm`) -> [Talairach Registration](#talairach-registration)
3. Brain extraction by editing `<subject_dir>/mri/brain.mgz` (delta to `brain.auto.mgz`) -> [asegdkt_segfile](#asegdkt_segfile)
4. Subcortical segmentation: `<subject_dir>/mri/aseg.presurf.mgz` (delta to `aseg.presurf.auto.mgz`) -> [asegdkt_segfile](#asegdkt_segfile)
5. CRS seeds: PONS, CC, LH, RH, watershed => seed files (`<subject_dir>/scripts/seed-(pons|cc|lh|rh|ws).crs.man.dat`) -> [asegdkt_segfile](#asegdkt_segfile)

> 6. WM control points: `<subject_dir>/tmp/control.dat` -> [asegdkt_segfile](#asegdkt_segfile)

Reviewer: hm, we could allow them to create control points which should be used by recon-surf when crating wm.mgz?

Author: I think we could, but there are some comments somewhere why we would not want to do that. I think I did not really understand those comment but just assumed you had decided against this on principle.

Author: Also, I am not really sure how these labels would propagate back into aseg.mgz and aparc.DKTatlas+aseg.mgz

Reviewer: They would not, they are only used to increase intensity in thin WM regions to avoid loosing a gyrus or parts of a lobe (usually temporal lobe) due to low grey white contrast there. Let's discuss.
